little dude is disguised as spider
toddler today because spider-man is one
of his favorite superheroes and we have
a couple of spider-man themed videos
that we needed spider-man toys for so
we're going to open these guys up and
review them before we get to the other
spider my own videos
is the Playskool heroes one so of course
we play those ones with our Imaginext
toys than our other Playskool heroes
toys
awright okay when you're gonna cut to
three years though the strangulation
hazards we go
so that is the Titan heroes Series
12-inch spider-man ultimate web warriors
version of him and he's just one of the
12-inch figures and we have some of the
other Titan heroes series like Thor and
Poston we have dude
Captain America huh hey Jeremy all right
what do you think of him
yeah here are your superheroes which
haven't really shown up on our channel
yet here they are making their debut ok
this is a vampire Batman I think he's
meant to be like a collectible we
probably weren't supposed to take him
out of the box but we did and it looks
like his lower extremities are backwards
there we go this one will give you
nightmares here you go
yeah I don't know who that is
is Captain America's shield okay I'll
show you our new spider-man toys while
little dude plays with his collection
here is the 12-inch Titan Heroes 1 his
head does turn and it goes both up and
down in a nodding motion his arms just
kind of bend at the shoulder and saying
goes with his legs they just kind of
bend his cape is like stuck over his
head like a bridal veil and here's our
other new Spider Man he is small but of
course this is for high school hero
series he's compatible with all of those
toys and we often play these guys with
our Imaginext toys as well so just like
any other of the Marvel Playskool heroes
he only bends also at the shoulders and
at the hips there you have it our two
new spider-man toys which we got to make
a funny video for you and we also just
showed you our superhero collection give
us a thumbs up if you like our videos
and don't forget to subscribe
tease webbing you
double wet